Web Components detail page and resources (#1587)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/100-frontend/content/113-web-components/readme.md

> # Web components
> 
> Web Components is a suite of different technologies allowing you to create reusable custom elements — with their functionality encapsulated away from the rest of your code — and utilize them in your web apps.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' href='[https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_intro.asp](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components)'>Web Components | MDN</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Video' colorScheme='purple' href='[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQN-pnXPaVg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83W63gTVlSk&ab_channel=LevelUpTuts)'>What Are Web Components? - LevelUpTuts</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Web Components

Web Components is a suite of different technologies allowing you to create reusable custom elements — with their functionality encapsulated away from the rest of your code — and utilize them in your web apps.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components'>Web Components | MDN</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Video' colorScheme='purple' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCWaFLy3VUo'>Web Components Crash Course</BadgeLink>
```
